What are you doing?
Crouching Tiger Villa is here to deliver the certificate
Wait for me to inform the boss
Give a chance Li Zhao
Gu Ling'er is the most beautiful woman in Southern Province
If you take him down
That really made a name for itself
That old thing Gu Chuanxiong
If even your own daughter is killed by you
From now on, who will dare to call you a horse?
Get the hell away
Let me cry in the forest, don't you have fucking eyes?
Gu Changxiong's daughter
The boss calls you in
brother
This is the tent we installed in Wohu Mountain.
My boss asked me to hand it over to you haha.
Hahahahaha
It's all for yourself
Brother, come on, sit down
Thanks
I'll pour you a glass hahaha
Hahaha wow
Look at him, we are so rich
If such a large sum of money were all transferred overseas
Then the girl can't finish painting either, hahahaha
No, no, the eldest brother wants to transfer assets and run away
Be sure to join the meeting immediately
Brother, you have done a great job
Here, let me toast you.
What's the matter, customer, hahahaha.
Hello, is it awe?
I'm in Beijing, someone is going to rape me